RadheRadhe
1.The soul divides into two parts after most times reincarnated body it leaves. One part reincarnates after some time according to karmic relation,
the 2nd part is what remains in the space, for which we pray for RIP. We take birth after leaving out most part of the soul in space(2nd part) the
more the goodness n righteous of the soul the least part of it utilises to take reincarnation to sustain fair game on earth for evolving. Moreover,
still the least part it comes with, the 'light' weighted it is the more good it performs. Obviously there is not just a single universe where we are
reincarnated moreover, its obvious in the culture theory that world will be depraving until Sri Kalki avtar will destroy all sinner in the end of 
Kaliyug. As this is also obvius we in the 4th level of evolution among 9 most of us will most propably do more sins than virtue as we can see too 
in the whole of population unfortunately. You all who do not know ABC of any Granth, Upnishad, Geeta, Wed Puran, infinite Bhagwan and infinite 
Bhagwan's stories, infinite evidences talks like that. Am not blaming you, it is also Bhagwan's will that you be like that. you all had done good 
karma in past live but not Bhakti so you are given peace and prosperity but not knowledge to the path to Bhagwan. Jai Shree RadheKrishna
Sorry I don't know anything about your religion so i cannot say anything about that.

2.Sri Krishna Bhagwan said in Geeta "Only I can remember all of your your past lives. You can not remember your past lives." That's it. why do 
you try to forget ex when being with your new gf..to make life free fair, free karma n will. you can only repent if you remember past lives as we 
do in a jail and its not about working off but suffering those karma,  suffering that leads you to teach your mistakes naturally.
Basically you want to remember bad karma and also live a fresh life together. And also not meshing up your mind. Great thought!!

3.Demons were also part of Bhagwan initially, in order for us to repent, demons were created, so whatever demons are feeding in our minds they to o 
are originially gods will together with our own karma. How can you feel you are superior to those who are on streets and in misery, are you special 
or you know somebody in the Bhagwan's office that they have given you birth in a rich family..!! Stupid. You are no special its all karma which has 
lead you to this point and not giving you a preference over others. 
We took birth, all souls were created after Sri MahaVishnu Bhagwan wished to become many from One. Becoming many enhances Bhagwan's power. So many 
galaxies were created from each of the cell.

4. point1

5.Everyone's level of doing work is different, you are judged by what you can do, what was your ability, potential, situations how much you tried 
and not just applying same rule to all. nature don't work like that: 1 mureder :hanged down :: 100 murders : still hanged down. perfect system like 
karma don't work like that , it takes all revenge until he surrenders to Sri Krishna Bhagwan. similarly subconscious and conscious works are different. 
you are not pusinhed for killing microbes subconsciously. Cats and dogs are not punished for killing rats, they can't do karma they can only repent 
karma, their consciousness is taken away before going to the animal form.
6.S o what; you are saying destroy the whole world, yes you can let it wallow but the pain n misery he n his family  will go through after will add 
to your sin as you had free will and could have saved them from the upcoming misery.
there is flaws and flaws only if you belief any other cult other than this Sanatani still you ll pick up points deinying the true evidences and 
facing away the basic logical questions of justice, equality. Covering up  misery which one goes through for not believing this cult teachings. 
actually its not our fault too, its all our karma.. those who want to understand will understand. and who don't want won't; strictly said by 
Bhagwan " Their time has not come so you better not waste time making them understand." Jai Shri Krishna
you urself are in contradiction @1:35 and @2:05 ShriRadheKrishna.
